# Mice Protein Analysis
 The mice protein expression dataset was created in - order to study the learning effect between “Normal” and “Trisomic” or Down Syndrome mice. i.e., type of the mice (Genotype). Down syndrome is the disorder where there is an extra chromosome in organisms. Which is known as chromosome 21 or trisomy 21. This effect the alteration of metabolic pathways by causing learning and memory deficiencies. The treatment for this learning deficiency is “Memantine”. Here, in this assignment after cleaning the dataset we get some facts or plausibilities from the descriptive and visualised analysis then we will predict the critical proteins for the learning ability in mice when exposed to CFC. For this, 2 supervised machine learning tasks are implemented, and the data is classified initially using the classifiers. KNN and Decision tree are used to classify the proteins. The decision tree added flavours of predicting the crucial mice protein that affects the learning ability recovery in mice. Expression levels of proteins accounting to 77 among “Control” and “Trisomic” type are analysed in 2 conditions based on drug (Memantine) influence. One with the drug influence and two without. From the results we can say that KNN is more efficient in classifying data. But decision tree comes a bit forward in predicting the most crucial mice proteins. This helps in the development or identification of mice learning ability drugs. So that the deficiencies related to learning and memory can be overcome.
